Dr. Figg: Start the recording. We are doing the intake for Christy lampkin in Washington.
Dr. Figg: Hi there. Can you hear me okay
Yeah.
Dr. Figg: I can I
Dr. Figg: Try that again. Can you hear me.
Dr. Figg: Yeah, here we go. I'm Dr. Fake. How are you doing,
Dr. Figg: Right. Wonderful. So we're doing your intake for bright heart today and it looks like it's for a history of both you have some kind of chronic pain and you're dependent on opioids. Is that accurate to some extent.
Christy Lamkin: I have multiple sclerosis.
Dr. Figg: Most rushes. Okay. And so how can I help you today.
Christy Lamkin: I guess we have to join meetings because they want to switch me to Suboxone
Dr. Figg: Who, who does
Christy Lamkin: My doctor
Dr. Figg: Or your pain management doctor
Christy Lamkin: No, my regular doctor. She was moving them to
Dr. Figg: Your primary care. Okay.
Dr. Figg: And so tell me about. So you said you have multiple sclerosis, you're going to see me looking at your charts as we talk, but
Dr. Figg: So tell me about your history with treatment for your pain and what kind of pain you have
Christy Lamkin: I've been on oxycodone for since I found out I had MS 10 years ago.
Dr. Figg: Okay. And why were you on OxyContin
Christy Lamkin: Oh, cuz my back pain in my leg pain.
Christy Lamkin: And then I used to get shots in my skull for the MS. Okay.
Dr. Figg: Did you have some kind of muscle spasms or contractors
Christy Lamkin: Oh yeah, I have it all and I fall
Dr. Figg: And you fall. Okay. And so tell me about your history. How much oxy codeine, where you started on and how has that has that changed over time.
Christy Lamkin: I was taking three to four a day. And now I take she's been lowering me off.
Christy Lamkin: Now to get on Suboxone
Dr. Figg: Okay, and you're on methadone as well.
Christy Lamkin: I was I'm not
Dr. Figg: Okay, what was the. Tell me about the Methadone was that
That was
Christy Lamkin: That was for nighttime.
Dr. Figg: Okay, so you were there were having you take methadone at night.
Dr. Figg: For the pain and I hope you sleep.
Yep. Okay.
Dr. Figg: And so tell me about the conversation with your doctor as far as why he or she wants you on Suboxone
Christy Lamkin: She really didn't say
Dr. Figg: Okay, um, that's curious.
Dr. Figg: Okay.
Christy Lamkin: Women, that's why she's she she said that she my caregiver said that they were cut me down because of
Christy Lamkin: The opiate law something
Dr. Figg: Okay.
Okay.
Dr. Figg: Okay. Um, so you said you're on oxy cotton for a long time and at some point they started cutting you down. Recently they were also. I mean, you take methadone.
Dr. Figg: Nine. You got shots at some point, your shots in your back and
Christy Lamkin: At the base y'all just to my school
Dr. Figg: Where
Christy Lamkin: They would come here and go all the way back to the
Bathroom
Dr. Figg: Okay. All right.
Dr. Figg: And how long was that
Christy Lamkin: We did it for three years. Three years.
Dr. Figg: Okay, and when does it stop.
Christy Lamkin: What two years ago, two years ago, three years ago.
Dr. Figg: Why did they stop.
Christy Lamkin: Because I stopped seeing that pain management because I didn't have insurance.
Dr. Figg: I see. Okay. Was it affected.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah, well,
Dr. Figg: The shots were okay cool. And was it just like a white cane or what were they
Christy Lamkin: It was
Christy Lamkin: steroids, steroids. Thank you. Okay. All right. Okay.
Dr. Figg: So you have a history of Ms. Has your. Do you have relapsing remitting. Do you have progressive
Christy Lamkin: What correctly, you have progressive. Okay.
Dr. Figg: And you're 46 now how functional, are you, what are you able to do on your own.
Christy Lamkin: I have a caregiver.
Christy Lamkin: Okay, she does everything
Dr. Figg: Okay, so let's talk about some specific things are you able to feed yourself.
Christy Lamkin: Yes. Good. Okay.
Dr. Figg: Are you able to dress, dress yourself.
Dr. Figg: All by yourself. Right. Yeah. The system is great. Okay. Are you able to cook for yourself.
Christy Lamkin: She does no
Dr. Figg: Okay, are you able to do any kind of shopping for yourself.
Christy Lamkin: She does that
Dr. Figg: Okay. Um, do you manage your own finances.
Christy Lamkin: Yes. Okay.
Dr. Figg: And how mobile. Are you or what do you use for assistance.
Christy Lamkin: I have a walker.
Dr. Figg: Okay. And are you are you limited to your home or are you able to get out of
It.
Dr. Figg: With it.
Christy Lamkin: I work
Dr. Figg: You work. What do you do
Christy Lamkin: I am training to be a manager at Safeway on record. Okay.
Christy Lamkin: Also, I have a chair that I sit down on
Dr. Figg: isn't like a mechanized wheelchair.
Christy Lamkin: No, it's just a chair that I sit, sit down on just at work.
Dr. Figg: Gotcha. Okay. All right. This is just to help me understand kind of what's going on and how you know your health is okay. Um, other than the oxy cotton and methadone. There were used to treat your pain. What other medications do you take
Christy Lamkin: No.
Dr. Figg: No no no anti spasm medications, no trial no motor
Christy Lamkin: Cat prep tight.
Christy Lamkin: Try, try
Christy Lamkin: To zanna yeah
Okay.
Dr. Figg: Um, what else
Christy Lamkin: ibuprofen.
Christy Lamkin: And what
Dr. Figg: Do you think
Christy Lamkin: To at night.
Dr. Figg: And instead of four milligram or two milligrams for
Christy Lamkin: I think
Dr. Figg: You take two for log intelligence. Okay.
Dr. Figg: Excuse me. All right. Um,
Dr. Figg: When they started cutting you down. How long ago was that
Christy Lamkin: Three months ago.
Dr. Figg: Okay, and what dose of oxycodone, were you taking in a day.
Christy Lamkin: It seems like
Christy Lamkin: A 1015 milligrams four times a day, she cut me down to taking like one to two a day but
Christy Lamkin: But I run out before the end of the month because it can't work unless I have that
Dr. Figg: I see. So okay, so they cut down your prescription. But you were still taking a higher amount because that's what you needed to be functional. Okay, when when you tried cutting down. Did you have withdrawal symptoms.
Christy Lamkin: I didn't have withdrawn, no.
Dr. Figg: No. Okay.
Dr. Figg: And have you ever stopped taking the oxy Cotto No. Okay.
Christy Lamkin: Unless I run out, but not like, then I'm like bed bound. Gotcha.
Dr. Figg: Alright.
Dr. Figg: Looks like at some point you had lorazepam as well.
Dr. Figg: Is that start
Christy Lamkin: Yeah, I haven't took that in a while, don't take that. Do you take
Dr. Figg: Any other kind of antidepressants or anything like that.
Christy Lamkin: Do that new one, they give me that blue one.
Christy Lamkin: Talk to the locks the team.
Dr. Figg: Okay, what's your desk that
Christy Lamkin: I don't know. It's downstairs.
Dr. Figg: 2030 or 60
Christy Lamkin: I think it's 20 it's blue and yellow.
Dr. Figg: Okay, so it was that started recently.
Christy Lamkin: About two months ago, two months ago. Okay.
Dr. Figg: And is that your primary
Care doctor
Christy Lamkin: Yeah.
Dr. Figg: Okay, and how about you. What's your opinion on that so far.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah, I don't see any difference.
Dr. Figg: In your mood or in your pain.
Christy Lamkin: My mood or I didn't have it for much gave it to me for pain.
Dr. Figg: This for the pain. Okay, you haven't noticed any difference but sure you think early on 20 milligrams and that's once a day. Yeah. All right.
Christy Lamkin: At night.
Dr. Figg: Just at night. Okay. All right. Do you take anything else to help you sleep.
Dr. Figg: No. Okay. Do you sleep well.
Dr. Figg: No, no, you are you up a lot.
Christy Lamkin: Yes. Okay.
Dr. Figg: Are you able to get to sleep and then you wake up a walk or do you have
Christy Lamkin: Any I'd have a falling asleep takes me about two hours once again in my bed, and then I'm up at 3am up at six. And then finally, when I get back to bed, about six then I'm up when I wake up and that's usually around nine 930. Gotcha. Okay.
Dr. Figg: All right. Um,
Dr. Figg: So it's when you
Dr. Figg: When you tried cutting down on the oxy Cotto where's your pain worse.
Christy Lamkin: Oh, yeah.
Dr. Figg: Me at the beginning.
Christy Lamkin: It's towards about
Christy Lamkin: The end of the month and then I'm like, I can't sleep. I'm tossing and I'm turning my back hurts so bad that I'm, like, half on my bed, half of my bed.
Christy Lamkin: And then I don't sleep.
Dr. Figg: Do you get any nausea. No. Okay. Do you get sweats, or shakiness Nope.
Christy Lamkin: Okay. All right.
Um,
Christy Lamkin: start falling
Christy Lamkin: You start falling long are falling
Christy Lamkin: I don't know. I think my muscles just give out
Christy Lamkin: Because I'm in so much pain that I think it is. I don't know. Okay. All right.
Dr. Figg: Um, okay. So we talked about the medications that you take. We talked about the shots. Have you gone through any other kind of pain management treatment. No.
Christy Lamkin: No. Okay.
Dr. Figg: All right, so let's talk a little bit about Suboxone and a little bit about what we do with by heart. So Suboxone is an opiate medication.
Dr. Figg: Some little bit different than oxy codeine, if you think of the actions that opiates have in your brain. They're kind of like lights which is they either turn something on, or they turn something off.
Dr. Figg: And the things they turned on, they turn on a pleasure center in your brain. They turn off pain they turn off breathing. If you take enough and they turn off you being awake so they knock you out if you take enough. Right. And with medications like oxy codeine and methadone.
Dr. Figg: We call us for
Dr. Figg: agonist. And what that means is, as I give you more and more
Dr. Figg: That tradition, the effects they have are more and more and more. So that's why people can overdose on those medications.
Dr. Figg: Suboxone isn't okay that's a little bit different, is what we call a partial agonist and that means it doesn't flip those switches mobile way.
Dr. Figg: So it doesn't flip the pleasure switch all the way. So it doesn't tend to have the high that other opiates do so it has less abuse potential generally we think
Dr. Figg: It does turn off pain and in people who have been on opiates for a very long time.
Dr. Figg: One of the things we talked about there is when you try and mean down everything hurts even worse than it did at the beginning.
Dr. Figg: And that's because of something we call hyper allergies, which means extra sensitivity to pain and it's because we've turned off pain in your brain for so long. Your brains, not sure. So it looks for
Dr. Figg: Harder.
Dr. Figg: And when we take away the opiates everything firms.
Dr. Figg: Does that make sense so because buprenorphine Suboxone does not flip that switch in the same way and I shouldn't deuces the hyper allergies yet that's caused by being on other opiates for a long time. So we like it for that reason.
Dr. Figg: It does turn off pain, though, so it's a useful pain reliever and then it does not turn off you being awake.
Dr. Figg: And you you're breathing the same way. Other opiates. It has what we call a ceiling effect beyond a certain dose giving you more and more and more just has no more effects. So it tends to be safer.
Christy Lamkin: And have less potential to hurt people overdose on
Dr. Figg: I'm in a pain management aspect of things that we care about the most is one its safety profile. It's harder to overdose on and particularly with people who have had a long history of chronic pain.
Dr. Figg: We are concerned, not from
Dr. Figg: Them trying to abuse it, but from them trying to relieve their pain. We don't want to hurt them with medication. So
Dr. Figg: Um, and then because it reduces the hyper sensitivity to pain, it becomes useful as a rotation into a pain management schedule to try and reduce some of those long term side effects of opiates so
Dr. Figg: What we do with bright heart. So we have a pain management program and we have an opioid addiction or dependence program and sometimes they're a little bit of overlap there.
Dr. Figg: With our pain management program we I think we're still starting in Washington. It's still fairly new. I don't know that we have a support group. But generally, what we try and do
Dr. Figg: Is put people into a weekly support group for chronic pain that is done over zoom just like we're having our conversation now.
Dr. Figg: With other patients who have chronic pain and that way they can support each other, they can share coping strategies, things like that.
Dr. Figg: Because it helps to know that you're not alone. Right. Um, those support groups are generally about an hour long they're led by a therapist who has a history of treatment for chronic pain.
Dr. Figg: And they start with the check in with the doctor so you get lots of contact with your doctor to make sure are you functional, are we using medications. Is there something that's overlooked.
Dr. Figg: And that way we can stay on top of your treatment with the goal of making you as functional as we can with the lowest dose of medications available.
Dr. Figg: That are effective to make you functional so that we don't run into side effects of escalating doses. Does that all make
Christy Lamkin: Sense. Yeah.
Dr. Figg: Cool, um, like I said, I think we're still starting our program in Washington. So I don't know, I'll ask our program director, if we have any updates on that. But what we would do in the meantime is just individual sessions between you and me.
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Dr. Figg: And then individual sessions potentially with a therapist or counselor. We have another
Dr. Figg: Doctor Who is a pain management certified doctor and she does mostly non medication based pain management strategies and she's got lots of
Dr. Figg: Excellent educational material and things like that. She goes through guided meditation, yoga and things like that for people chair yoga right things that thing.
Dr. Figg: About Yeah, things are useful for people
Dr. Figg: But OK so
Dr. Figg: That's, that's kind of the way Suboxone works. That's why we like Suboxone can be useful. It does. It does have the potential for side effects, just like any other medication can
Dr. Figg: Um, so Suboxone and obviously the side effects that we can see are opiate related. So, constipation, nausea, abdominal discomfort drowsiness, dry mouth dry eyes, things like that.
Dr. Figg: And so we want to find the dose that gets you functional that relieves your pain as well as we can with the understanding that sometimes
Dr. Figg: Life is a little bit uncomfortable, but if you're functional and you can go work. And you can do the things you want. That's really are measuring stick and then
Dr. Figg: Making sure that you don't have those side effects from that, um,
Dr. Figg: When you take the to sanity. That's Zana flex or
Dr. Figg: Or spasms. Do you think that's effective
Christy Lamkin: It kind of stops my legs from cramping up but
Dr. Figg: Well, that that is what. That's the goal.
Dr. Figg: Does it make you sleepy.
Christy Lamkin: Oh yeah, that's why I take it at night. Gotcha. Okay.
Dr. Figg: So when you take it at night and it relieves kind of the leg cramps, does it last.
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Dr. Figg: Right, so there may be room for improvement on that. There's probably room for improvement on the deluxe team as well.
Dr. Figg: You're only 20 milligrams. Have you ever been trained on any other medications for your pain. No.
Christy Lamkin: I'm they tried me on like
Christy Lamkin: Cycle been supreme and stuff like that much carbon all but I'm all that I'm allergic to those the breaking out the big rash.
Dr. Figg: Let's talk. Okay, so
Dr. Figg: Both method carbon mall and cycle events.
Christy Lamkin: Over and Viking and I'm allergic divided in
Dr. Figg: What happens with Viking
Christy Lamkin: Start puking.
Dr. Figg: Okay, that's so that's an ad. It's not a true allergy, but it is an adverse effect. And we do care about that very much.
Dr. Figg: So that's, that's something that
Dr. Figg: Any opiate could cause if you have done this, they can make you that they so you have opioid receptors in your brain that control your breathing and pain and things like that yeah them in your gut to that's why
Dr. Figg: We can cause you to be constipated, and it can cause you to vomit and things like that.
Christy Lamkin: It makes me it
Dr. Figg: That's also a
Dr. Figg: It causes histamine, which is the chemical in your body that is released when like seasonal allergies happen. So, it causes a release of histamine. So it makes you flush an inch and things like that. It can at least for some people. So, so that's another
Dr. Figg: Adverse Effect, but not necessarily a true allergy, right, not, not a know what could become a life threatening sense
Dr. Figg: Important. Okay.
Dr. Figg: All right. Um, do you have any other health conditions.
Christy Lamkin: I have
Christy Lamkin: arthritis in my left or right knee. Which one had surgery, my right knee and then I fibromyalgia with that comes with the MS.
And
Dr. Figg: knee arthritis. Correct.
Yeah.
Dr. Figg: Right. So what I think we should do is that since there's a goal of
Dr. Figg: Changing you over to
Dr. Figg: The box.
Dr. Figg: There is so you are on at one point you were on your 50 milligrams of oxygen code of four times a day.
Do a calculation.
Dr. Figg: Because we want to try to
Dr. Figg: Pick a dose of Suboxone that is likely to work.
Dr. Figg: Okay, okay, without
Dr. Figg: Too much manipulation, there may be some, like I said Suboxone works a little bit differently than other Opiates are sometimes there's a little bit
Dr. Figg: Trial and error on finding the dose, because it's not a perfect conversion, but we can get close to you're taking 15 or four times a day. There's 90. Okay, cool.
Dr. Figg: So what I would suggest would be that we start you Suboxone comes as a sublingual tablet or strip. Have you ever seen it before.
Dr. Figg: Okay, so the tablets look like any other tablets, the strips look like little breath strips. If you've ever seen those are you remember those
Dr. Figg: They're settling which means you put them under the side of your tongue and you let them dissolve. You don't chew them up. You don't swallow.
Dr. Figg: It's important to understand that there are two medications in Suboxone one is buprenorphine. That's the opioid pain reliever that we care about.
Dr. Figg: The other is the locks zone, which is an abuse deterrent medication. It's actually reverses opioids. So it's what we give to people if they overdose on things.
Dr. Figg: When you allow the medication. The film or the tablet to dissolve underneath your tongue you absorb the buprenorphine through the veins just below your tongue and you don't absorb the knowledge. So it goes right through.
Dr. Figg: So you get the effect that we want. If you swallow the tablet or the film, neither of them gets absorbed. It's like taking out
Dr. Figg: And you won't you won't feel good.
Dr. Figg: When people do silly things like melt the strips or crush the tablets and then shoot it or smoking or snorted or something like that. They get a whole bunch of from the locks home.
Dr. Figg: Which puts them into withdrawal and makes them wish they had not abused the medication.
Dr. Figg: So I want you to understand the way this medication is formulated, it's got an abuse deterrent mechanism so that you take it in the right way so you don't have any problems with it. Okay, it's just important
Christy Lamkin: And it's not scared now.
Dr. Figg: That's okay. No. As long as you let it dissolve on your tongue. You don't do
Dr. Figg: Something
Dr. Figg: Else with it. It causes no problems.
Dr. Figg: Okay, but it's but I just want you to understand the way that the medication is made. And the reason they do that is because we use this not only for pain management, but also for people who have a history of opioid addiction.
Dr. Figg: Got some of us to turn mechanism in there for that.
Dr. Figg: And so what I was just so it comes in, generally eight milligram tablets or strips.
Dr. Figg: And I would suggest we start you at one of those a day. This medication usually for most people, lasts, most of the day, sometimes more than a day.
Dr. Figg: So,
Dr. Figg: You're on. Okay, so you're on oxy cotton. When is the last time you took oxy cotton.
Christy Lamkin: Last night last night. Okay.
Dr. Figg: All right, so what I would suggest we do is probably to start you at half of a strip you can cut the strips and half with scissors. You can cut the tablet, or you can break the tablet. So score.
Dr. Figg: So to start with either half a tablet or half a stroke, depending on what form your insurance company wants to pay for basically
Dr. Figg: Twice a day.
Dr. Figg: Once in the morning, evening, and then if we need to. If you find that you're having withdrawal symptoms at any point so withdrawal from opioids is the opposite of everything they do. So opioids cause you to be constipated withdrawal makes you have diarrhea and bond.
Dr. Figg: Opioids puts you to sleep withdrawal wakes you up real bad anxiety can make people sweat it can make people fidgety and restless makes people feel like they have no energy, things like that. So once you understand
Dr. Figg: What that what the symptoms are because we're going to have to do some cross over from what you're taking to what you're going to take. Okay.
Dr. Figg: But the goal would be probably half a tablet twice a day, maybe going up to half a tablet three times a day, or one and a half to tablets in a day total
Dr. Figg: Depending on how well it works for you. Our goal, again, is that you are functional and you're able to go do the things on the lowest effective dose that we can find. So we avoid side effects.
Dr. Figg: One of the important things to understand about Suboxone about buprenorphine itself.
Dr. Figg: Is that when you take it and when it goes to the receptor in your brain where it acts, he grabs told her that receptor tighter.
Dr. Figg: Than other opiates do and what that means is it hasn't blocking effect. So if you're already taking buprenorphine Suboxone and you take something else it won't work.
Dr. Figg: Because the buprenorphine won't let go. And so the other stuff just cycle through your system. It never gets its action until you metabolize it out.
Dr. Figg: But if you're already on something else and you take up north in before the other stuff is out of your system. The buprenorphine will kick
Dr. Figg: The oxy codeine off the receptor and that can put you into what we call a precipitated withdrawal, which is like a much worse withdrawal temporary and we don't want that to happen.
Dr. Figg: So when we're transitioning someone from another medication to Suboxone we have to have a washout period. Okay.
Dr. Figg: That's usually for oxy codeine, which doesn't last very long. It's usually about 24 hours.
Dr. Figg: Okay, between the last dose of our code and the first steps of Suboxone okay
Dr. Figg: Okay. And that way we avoid that and that way you're going to be a little bit uncomfortable.
Dr. Figg: During that time period. And then when you take the Suboxone it will make you feel better, as opposed to making you feel much much worse, which is important there, right.
Dr. Figg: Okay. Um, so what I generally do for people is write them three prescriptions. One would be a prescription for the Suboxone with instructions on how they're going to start it.
Dr. Figg: The second one would be a prescription for a blood pressure medication called Clonidine, which we actually use to help decrease withdrawal effects. So you may have some withdrawal. You're not going to take the oxy codeine for a little while and your brains going to notice.
Christy Lamkin: Okay, if
Dr. Figg: If you feel things like getting sweaty are shaky or your nose running or, you know, a lot of tearing and yawning and things like that they're uncomfortable. That's what climate Amos useful for decreases the severity of those effects.
Dr. Figg: And then the last prescription would be for So Fran, which is an anti nausea medication, so that if you get nauseated.
Dr. Figg: During this crossover period, you have a medication that you can take to make that less
Christy Lamkin: Okay, cool.
Dr. Figg: So that you can kind of stand to be a little bit uncomfortable for a little while and then start on the Suboxone does all that makes sense.
Christy Lamkin: Yep.
Christy Lamkin: Okay, good. Okay, why are you listening. Anyway, so she knows
Dr. Figg: That's great. That's great. It's just, this is a really important part of the conversation because it's we want to do that crossover right so that you don't have any problems.
Dr. Figg: Before you decide, are you out of oxy Cotto
Dr. Figg: Yeah, okay. So we'll do our best to try and make sure you can pick up your Suboxone today.
Okay.
Dr. Figg: So what what I suggest is all right you the scripts. I wanted to wait about an hour and then call the pharmacy.
Dr. Figg: And make sure that they were able to fill it. Sometimes there's issues like the pharmacy doesn't stop that medication may say, Oh, no, I've ordered or no we don't order or something like that.
Dr. Figg: Where they may say, Oh, your insurance company wants a form filled out by your doctor or something like that. We won't fill it until we get that and we don't know what issues we're going to run into and toggle they happen, unfortunately.
Christy Lamkin: Those things
Dr. Figg: So I want you to call the pharmacy and an hour and then say, hey, we're able to fill it. Was there any problem. If you run into any problems. The first call you should make is our virtual clinic, which is who you talk to, before me. Okay.
Christy Lamkin: Hold on. She's gonna get the number so she can do it because she does all the calls and all the prescription. Great. Okay.
Christy Lamkin: All right.
Dr. Figg: So sure if there's any problems, you know, should call the virtual clinic first and I don't have that number in front of me, but it's the number you call before me.
Christy Lamkin: Okay. Oh, yeah.
Dr. Figg: Yeah.
Christy Lamkin: Yes, that
Dr. Figg: I just don't have that number handy right now and that's like the front desk of a medical office. They can solve the overwhelming majority of things.
Dr. Figg: Okay, um,
Dr. Figg: And then
Dr. Figg: Like I said, the goal. We will start you on a half dose twice a day. And if you find that somewhere in that day, you're having
Dr. Figg: Withdrawal or you're having times where, whereas on for some feeling like that, then you could go up to one and a half. So, one half, three times a day. Does that make sense. Yeah.
Christy Lamkin: She does it all. So she's listening.
Dr. Figg: And then what we'll do is we will follow.
Christy Lamkin: The student work go three
Christy Lamkin: What's that
Christy Lamkin: I said if to doesn't work, go to three if
Dr. Figg: It doesn't work out, or three. That's right. And you can you can kind of
Dr. Figg: There's a little bit of liberty with how she takes it.
Christy Lamkin: If she wants to take
Dr. Figg: You know, a full strip in the morning and see if there are well it would be tonight, based on when she went to her last Dakota
Dr. Figg: And see if that last run through the next day.
Dr. Figg: Okay, if she wants to take half and half. It's, you know, there's, it's really variable, how long it lasts for various particularly
In the
Christy Lamkin: History of pain. Yeah. How long should she be ON TO HAVE ONE IN THE MORNING AND A HALF ONE AT NIGHT.
Dr. Figg: Well, we're using this to replace the oxy codeine, so are you saying how long should she tried that before she goes up to three.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah.
Dr. Figg: They are two at most.
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Dr. Figg: It doesn't need to be a long time of her going like, I feel like crap and and all of every day.
Dr. Figg: Yeah lucky if we don't, yeah. My goal is that she's fun moment she her pain as well managed
Christy Lamkin: All right.
Dr. Figg: I am happy to
Dr. Figg: Also take over prescribing for your sanity and your do locks, a team.
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Dr. Figg: Pain management program and that way we don't have more than one doctor moving things
Christy Lamkin: With them.
Dr. Figg: And that's not to take anything away from your primary care. That's true.
Christy Lamkin: And that's fine because I just switched my primary
Christy Lamkin: So I would suggest that
Dr. Figg: Um, do you have to
Christy Lamkin: Entertain. Do you have Duarte just sent me a
Christy Lamkin: Safeway just sent me a thing saying they're ready for pickup today so I can pick them up today.
Dr. Figg: And then just to make
Christy Lamkin: Sure.
We're using
Dr. Figg: I do not have a pharmacy on file for you. That's not good. We should fix that.
Christy Lamkin: It's not safe way on rocker
Christy Lamkin: She's gonna get address
Dr. Figg: What's the zip code.
Christy Lamkin: 92 one
Dr. Figg: Rucker
Yep.
Dr. Figg: Okay, just to make sure. And then we have
Dr. Figg: A lot of. There's a lot of boxes. I have to take to make sure I can prescribe it since it's a controlled substance. Okay, it looks
Dr. Figg: Like everything. Okay. It looks like I have all the stuff that I need. Um,
Dr. Figg: What questions or concerns do you have
Christy Lamkin: The only thing that you kind of answered. I was worried that it was like more like a it was like a druggie or something I've never taken a drug in my life. So I was scared but you kind of kind of answered that. Okay.
Dr. Figg: Yeah, there's there's never any judgment from my standpoint. My goal is to help people regardless if they have pain or if they're, you know, took an opiate at one time and family couldn't stop. There's a lot of people and
Christy Lamkin: I have a daughter that
Christy Lamkin: Method. I know.
Dr. Figg: Yeah. All right, any other questions or concerns, I can help you with before we go.
Christy Lamkin: Nope that's it.
Christy Lamkin: You got any questions.
She doesn't
Dr. Figg: Days. The 13th. What I would suggest is that we go ahead and schedule on that the virtual clinic with next Friday.
Dr. Figg: Be an okay time to follow up for you.
Christy Lamkin: Uh huh.
Dr. Figg: Right, so I'm gonna have the ritual client make another appointment for you with me for next
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Dr. Figg: That will regularly meet every week, but you're starting, I want to make sure that we get things well managed
Christy Lamkin: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much.
Dr. Figg: Awesome. All right, Christina was so nice to meet you today.
Christy Lamkin: It's nice to meet you.
Dr. Figg: Or to working with you and you have a nice day. If you run into any problems. Again, please make sure you call our virtual clinic. Okay.
Christy Lamkin: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Christy Lamkin: You take care. Have a nice day. Bye bye.
Dr. Figg: And let's see, I depart PDF reports.
Dr. Figg: During that and for some reason it ends in
Excuse me.
Dr. Figg: It's and she's a she was previously on methadone. She was previously on around the pain. And then recently. She's just been prescribed the oxycodone 50 milligram tablets, on which the amount per month has been decreasing
Dr. Figg: So osterhaus the box, so she'll be doing individual appointments, which is Washington and we don't have a group yet. Hopefully we fix that soon.